README.md, before:

# no-intro-xml-generator
No-Intro XML Submission Generator in Python

## Note
This script is in very early development. Issues are expected. Please report either via GitHub's issue tracker or using @kaosjr on Discord.

## Setup
### General Requirements
For all scripts:
- Python 3.11 or later
- Windows (may expand to Linux eventually)

Rename the `default_constants.toml` file to `constants.toml`, and fill out the parameters. You can use [standard no-intro DATs](https://datomatic.no-intro.org/index.php?page=download&s=28) to check your dumps against and skip adding some information for verifications.

### nds.py
Dumps to be processed should be dumped with either [GodMode9](https://github.com/d0k3/GodMode9) or [GodMode9i](https://github.com/DS-Homebrew/GodMode9i). The .txt file from the dump is currently required and should have the same name as the .nds file, just with a .txt extension. (This may become optional later.)

Additional requirements (to be placed in the same folder as the script):
- [NDecrypt](https://github.com/SabreTools/NDecrypt/releases/tag/0.3.2) (exe format)
- [config.json](https://gist.github.com/Dimensional/82f212a0b35bcf9caaa2bc9a70b3a92a) with the NitroEncryptionData key for encryption

## Usage
### nds.py
Run using `python nds.py <path>`, drag the .nds file onto the script, or omit the path to be prompted when the program starts.

Follow the instructions in the script.

On output, an XML file will be generated in the same location as your .nds file.

Commit message:

3DS.py initial implementation (v0.0.1)
Initial commit for the 3DS xml generator. It's a lightly modified version of the NDS one, to the point where I should really just make a shared function library for a lot of this stuff. (Which is why this isn't even 0.1 yet.)

It does work in my testing, though I'm sure there's bugs. To go along with the change there's some new constants and the readme has been updated as well.

README.md, after:

# no-intro-xml-generator
No-Intro XML Submission Generator in Python

## Note
This script is in very early development. Issues are expected. Please report either via GitHub's issue tracker or using @kaosjr on Discord.

## Setup
### General Requirements
For all scripts:
- Python 3.11 or later
- Windows (may expand to Linux eventually)

Rename the `default_constants.toml` file to `constants.toml`, and fill out the parameters. 

You can use [standard no-intro DATs](https://datomatic.no-intro.org/index.php?page=download&s=28) to check your dumps against and skip adding some information for verifications.
- For DS, use the 'Decrypted' DAT.
- For 3DS, use the 'Encrypted' DAT.
- For N3DS, use the 'Encrypted' DAT.

### nds.py
Dumps to be processed should be dumped with either [GodMode9](https://github.com/d0k3/GodMode9) or [GodMode9i](https://github.com/DS-Homebrew/GodMode9i). The .txt file from the dump is currently required and should have the same name as the .nds file, just with a .txt extension. (This may become optional later.)

Additional requirements (to be placed in the same folder as the script):
- [NDecrypt](https://github.com/SabreTools/NDecrypt/releases/tag/0.3.2) (exe format)
- [config.json](https://gist.github.com/Dimensional/82f212a0b35bcf9caaa2bc9a70b3a92a) with the NitroEncryptionData key for encryption

### 3ds.py
Dumps to be processed should be dumped with [GodMode9](https://github.com/d0k3/GodMode9). The .txt file from the dump is currently required and should have the same name as the .3ds file, just with a .txt extension. (This may become optional later.)

Additional requirements (to be placed in the same folder as the script):
- [NDecrypt](https://github.com/SabreTools/NDecrypt/releases/tag/0.3.2) (exe format)
- [config.json](https://gist.github.com/Dimensional/82f212a0b35bcf9caaa2bc9a70b3a92a) with at minimum the AESHardwareConstant, KeyX0x18, KeyX0x1B, KeyX0x25, and KeyX0x2C populated for decryption. (You can get these keys from a modded 3DS.)

## Usage
### nds.py / 3ds.py
Run using `python nds.py <path>`, drag the .nds file onto the script, or omit the path to be prompted when the program starts.

Follow the instructions in the script.

On output, an XML file will be generated in the same location as your .nds/.3ds file.
